

o

https://umich.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_805xRKb5fqpxsIB

DUE JAN 31

The University of Michigan Postdoctoral Association (UMPDA) provides
awards to support Postdoctoral Fellows wishing to attend professional
conferences or meetings.

Applications will be accepted December 1st, 2023 - January 31st, 2024
for conferences held between January 1st - June 30th, 2024.

Applicants may apply for one of two options:

An award of up to \$250/each for virtual conferences An award of up to
\$500/each for in-person conferences

NOTE: The Conference Award will be open for applications again in June
2024 for conferences held July 1st - December 31st, 2024.

Eligibility

Must be a current Postdoctoral Fellow at the University of Michigan at
time of application and at the time of the meeting/conference Awarded
funds may only be used for conference registration or travel costs
associated with conference travel (flight, hotel, etc)

Completing the Application

To complete the application, please prepare the following: Information
about the conference (dates, website, etc.) A short paragraph (200 words
max) explaining how this award will benefit your development as a
Postdoctoral Fellow

Factors Affecting Decision

Presentation: Due to limited resources, oral presentations will receive
the highest priority, followed by poster presentations, and, lastly,
applicants who will not be presenting. Previous attendance at
meetings/conferences: Priority will be given to Postdoctoral Fellows who
have not attended a meeting/conference in the past 12 months Other
sources of funding: Because this is a need-based award, priority will be
given to applicants with fewer sources of conference support
School/College and Department: Units that have not received UMPDA
Travel/Conference awards in the current year will receive higher
priority New awardees: Participants who have not received UMPDA or
Medical School (OGPS) Postdoc Travel/Conference Awards in the past will
have higher priority

Award Receipt

Following review, the UMPDA Conference Award Committee will contact the
selected applicants Any award winners who indicated that they will be
presenting at the meeting/conference will be required to submit
confirmation of abstract acceptance to maintain eligibility Funds will
be disbursed through reimbursement following conference attendance

Questions?

Please contact the UMPDA Travel Award Committee
(UMPDATravelAwardCommittee@umich.edu).
